That's impossible.
This video is fake impossible
An Tong, you have nothing left now
It also became the laughing stock of everyone
I am the war
The final winner
Lin Yue, since you made me lose everything
Then don't blame me for not letting you go
It's rare to see you take the initiative to ask me out
I'm ready to leave this city
Before I go
I want to talk to you again.
After all, we were talking about everything before
Close best friend
Do you remember?
When we first met
Hello
I will come I will come
Thanks, classmate.
Which dormitory are you from?
I am 302302 and I am also 302.
Coincidentally, we were roommates after that
Go, I'll take you, thank you
I didn't expect it.
Time flies so fast
I have nothing now.
Are you happy?
I want you to be like me
Ahhh